The Metropolitan Police will be
implementing work style reforms.
Starting April, all units will adopt
a four-shift system instead of three.
Hence, the 24-hour duty will come
every four days instead of three.
Would it be sufficient?
We've increased MIU personnel,
and we'll make further increases.
The police is prioritizing breaks?
We are people too.
But riot squads need
to react quickly to unexpected events.
They aren't riot squads,
but "Mobile Investigation Units."
We often call it by its acronym: MIU.
It's part of the Criminal Affairs Dept.
It consists of three units,
with a total of about 300 members.
Each unit surveils its jurisdiction
on a round-the-clock basis.
They quickly arrive at crime scenes
to do initial investigations.
Although it's not widely known,
MIU is at almost all crime scenes.
THE CAPTAIN IS HOT
Don't they have anything better to do?
METROPOLITAN POLICE DEPARTMENT
-Good morning, sir!
-Morning.
I held the press briefing as ordered.
Now, can I get your approval?
-Is it really necessary?
-Good morning.
Morning.
Absolutely.
The work style reform
is creating a shortage of staff.
I did what I could.
We need a provisional unit
to support the undermanned units.
But why ask me?
You're the chief of this department.
CHIEF
TOJI ABIKO
I've submitted the budget
and operation proposals.
I'll lead the unit.
I've also found the people.
-What more do I need to do?
-It's approved all right…
but on one condition.
Not again.
It's not me. I don't have a say here.
Please, continue.
Put him in the unit.
It's quite simple.
You're authorized.
NO. 4 MOBILE INVESTIGATION UNIT
METROPOLITAN POLICE DEPARTMENT
Shima.
Straighten your tie. Button up.
Look smart.
I saw the press briefing.
Viewers were calling you
"the hot captain."
-On the Internet?
-Live, too.
Get a life.
Shibaura Police Station.
You know, I'd have a life,
if I weren't a driver.
Why didn't they just suspend me?
No, I'm not putting down drivers.
I'm just personally not fit for it.
The fourth unit has been approved.
Keep blabbering and I'll…
Okay, let's get going now.
If you see people saying
that I'm hot, tell them,
I'm captain not because I'm hot.
Yes, ma'am.
Hello. What's your emergency…?
We've received a report of assault…
Complaint on noisy neighbor…
Report of dispute and violence…
Good morning, ma'am!
Good morning.
-Ma'am.
-Morning.
-I'm going
-Preparations complete.
Good morning
Hello.
The location is
Sumida 6 Nishikinshicho 4-chome…
Roger.
It's finally begun, huh.
-Yes.
-It's been a while.
So, we'll be partners.
I'm honored.
You two… won't be partners.
Mr. Jinba. You'll work with him.
He was appointed two years ago.
No field experience.
Yohito Kokonoe…
The name sounds familiar.
He's the son of Director General Kokonoe.
I want you to train him. Okay?
Why would a kid
on the fast track come to MIU?
It's Abiko.
Ugh, gosh…
No problem!
I doubt that it was an order.
I bet he did it for himself.
Leave me out of it!
Sorry. Cope with it.
Um… and me?
It looks like I don't have a partner.
Well, I still need a driver…
I'm sure there's someone.
There's got to be.
Oh yeah.
-There was this kid that we rejected…
-Yes!
-There you go.
-Are you sure about this?
Are you 100% sure?
Huh?
We could call him now.
Wait. What's he like?
He can run.
Run?
Do you know Ai Ibuki?
Ex-Criminal Affairs Division,
Kamata-Higashi St.
Ah yes, very briefly.
-What was he like?
-No comment.
You know Ai Ibuki, ex-Azabu Central?
Ah…
Is he competent?
I'd rather not say.
"Rather not say?"
Ibuki?
I don't want to see him again. Ever!
Was he a trouble maker?
I know cops need to be able
to keep secrets, but…
Not one good quality?
He must have one good quality.
-Oh, yeah. He could run.
-Run?
-He can run.
He can run.
-He can…
-Right! Thanks.
POLICE PERSONEL FILE
Please think this over, Captain.
But his transfer's been approved.
Good morning.
NO. 4 MIU (TEMP.)
Why "temporary?"
Roger.
I'm Kokonoe.
Could it become No. 5 or No. 6?
No, this substation is temporary.
Substation?
The room for our unit.
So, it should be
"No. 4 MIU substation (temp)."
Wow. You're so right.
Anyway, I'm…
I'm aware.
Mr. Shima,
ex-First Investigation Division.
Right?
I hear you were good.
Well, thank you.
Past tense?
There you are.
-Morning, sir.
-Morning.
We'll support No. 1 MIU today.
The key to this room.
Let's go.
So, where's Ibuki?
He left.
What?
Reload cylinder.
Clear.
Load bullets.
Hello.
Sir, have you seen Ibuki of No. 4?
I saw him leave.
Not again.
Seriously?
I'm Kazumi Shima.
We'll ride Car 404 together.
Hey, nice to meet you.
I'm Ai Ibuki.
I'm new at MIU, so please teach me stuff.
Sure.
So, you'll drive?
Yeah, until you learn the streets.
Hey, we're equally ranked
so let's take it easy.
-Nice to meet you.
-Great, man.
-The key…
-I'll learn faster.
But you know,
driving in Tokyo makes me nervous.
I haven't driven
in urban Tokyo in eight years.
Right.
Wow.
The engine sounds great.
Sounds normal to me.
I either ran or rode a bike
in my previous station.
The 24-hour mission will last until 9 a.m.
MIU 404 to No. 1 HQ.
MIU 404, copy.
Patrolling the Sumida precinct
to support No. 1.
Roger.
Here we go.
Loser.
Mr. Shima.
Do well here,
and we could get in the big league.
It's my dream to work
in the First Investigation Division.
How about you?
I don't care
as long as I'm out on the streets.
Oh, don't give up yet.
You'll just have to work hard.
We can both do this.
Wow, you're a good driver.
Who taught you?
Driving school?
I'd secretly drive around
my dad's car in high school.
I was pretty bad as a kid.
Quite a delinquent.
Please don't.
No need to make conversation.
Just tell me what's essential.
That's close.
The car behind us is tailgating us.
How would MIU react?
Ignore them.
That's some tailgating.
Let him pass.
Come on.
We can't let him mess with us.
That is irrelevant.
Traffic infringement.
Warn the driver.
Driver of the red vehicle.
You, the red car.
Slow down.
That's it.
You asked for it.
Hey!
Stop.
No, no!
-I'm getting fired up!
-No, no!
What the hell was that?
You!
Open, you idiot.
-Who are you?
-Let's go.
Get out, now.
Who the hell are you?
Are you okay, ma'am?
It's gone.
What?
The stick.
-I don't want to!
-Stick, stick…
Here's your cane.
No, that's not it.
It's a toy.
It's for Kisa.
-Open the door.
-Stop banging the door, damn it!
-Watch your mouth.
-You want some?
Too bad I'm a cop.
You're under arrest
for making the lady fall.
Cops don't dress like this.
Well, this one does.
Too bad, buddy.
-Get out.
-That's fake.
-Now you've assaulted an officer.
-What's with you, you bastard?!
-Are you playing cop, loser?
-Wait here.
Stop pretending.
That's enough!
And who are you?
You're a cop, too? Where's your badge?
What's your emergency?
A fight at Kita Mukojima Intersection.
Two men…
Dispute between two drivers
inside Sumida precinct.
Location: Kita Mukojima Intersection.
MIU 401, heading from Nishi Komagata.
Roger.
Um…
Your name…
-I'm telling you I'm from No.4.
-You are…
What?
That's exactly what we're asking you.
No need to panic here.
-Please, if you'll all step back.
-Mr. Jinba!
-Ah, Mr. Jinba. This guy doesn't get it.
-What's up? Talk to me.
It's under control.
-I'm a No. 4 MIU.
-Alright, but…
Stay off the road. No filming.
Stop filming. Ow!
Please, step back!
Get off the road.
-It's dangerous.
-What happened?
It's nothing.
Roger.
It's been confirmed.
-I'm sorry about all this.
-Please step back.
-Mr. Kuroda!
-This is a road!
-He's a real cop?
-Yes.
It's abuse of power.
Were you tailgating?
No, it was sheer chance.
-No, you were clearly tailgating.
-I'll roast you on social media.
Do what you want.
Your car has a driving recorder.
We could go see
if what you're saying is true.
Let's see if you approach
other cars by sheer chance.
I'll save your face this time.
Wow, so kind of you.
We know you now.
You'd better drive safely.
Got that?
-I'll roast you online.
-Please leave.
At least say that I'm hot.
Okay, get out of here.
Keep moving.
Please move back!
What's wrong?
-Listen, Ibuki.
-Listening.
-This happened because you provoked him.
-He's dangerous.
You were being more dangerous.
I had to show him who was more dangerous.
Where's the lady that fell?
Ma'am?
Strange…
I hope she's fine.
TOY STORE, RABBIT
Hey.
Take this to Sumida Police Station.
-What is it?
-The lady dropped it.
Had you let the guy pass,
she wouldn't have tripped.
She wouldn't have dropped the toy either.
Sure, leave it to me.
Thanks, guys.
There.
Let's go, Mr. Shima.
This is a meeting room.
It's our substation now.
A letter of apology
should be written in big letters.
That way you can fill up a page easily.
You can ask me anything.
I won't be needing that technique.
This kid is a real delinquent.
A hardcore delinquent.
He's always got to one-up everybody.
The solution is easy.
One-up him back.
Why do that with a unit member?
I despise futile confrontation.
He's just a naïve idiot.
Yeah, the most dangerous of all idiots.
-So unpredictable.
-Captain wants you to evaluate him.
If he's unfit for this job,
she's sending him back.
And it's my call?
Yes.
All right!
You have an eye for people…
and the captain knows it.
It's ready.
Shima.
Get the sieve.
Everyone can see us.
Who cares. Here we go…
Ouch, ouch. It's hot.
There's no sink. We had no choice.
I'm impressed by your grit.
It's their first day.
They've got to eat this.
Mine's so good.
REPORT
YOHITO KOKONOE
Wait, you're an assistant inspector?
-You're my superior?
-Yes.
-It's just a rank. It's no biggie.
-That changes the way I treat you.
-What?
-Ranks don't scare me.
Lunch time, guys!
Ah! Wait!
My letter!
Well, just rewrite it.
Unbelievable.
This is MIU udon, my specialty.
Specialty?
What kind of udon?
-He said "MIU."
-I meant…
It's Sanuki udon.
The sauce is store-bought.
Gosh, this looks so good!
Report of a man
seriously injured in Sumida precinct.
Location, alley at Hikishima1-2-3.
The man was beaten to the ground.
-Let's go.
-But…
The udon won't rot.
All right.
Stop!
Lock the room.
What?
We need to lock up when we leave.
But it's inside a police station.
Lock the substation when we leave.
Lock the door when we leave the car.
You do it all by the book, huh?
Rules are necessary.
Okay.
Check. Check. Clear.
Just one thing.
Control yourself.
Excuse me.
404, we've arrived. Starting inquiry.
Whatever.
OYAMA FOOD ALLEY
Excuse me. Let me through.
Go ahead.
-How's the victim?
-In the ambulance.
Yes, I know that.
His face was covered in blood.
Barely conscious.
He doesn't know the perpetrator.
That's all I have.
Roger.
He was attacked
as soon as he left a restaurant.
Let's get to work.
Keep the onlookers away!
Do your job!
Move back! Apologies!
You got something…
Got it.
Thanks, man.
FIRE DEPARTMENT
Grandma.
What's wrong?
Are you alone?
Grandma is gone.
What happened?
Grandma disappeared.
Where was this?
MELORIN
Where did she disappear?
Where do you live?
Did she say where she was going?
From behind?
His clothes?
A suit?
What color?
Did you witness the attack?
Anything else?
Was he having a dispute?
What was the call about?
Welcome.
The victim is a frequenter here.
He comes once a week.
He always had just a key
and a small coin purse.
Thank you.
Lost consciousness due to injury.
The victim's not in critical condition,
but we can't see him until morning.
He only had a coin purse. No cards.
He wasn't carrying any ID.
So, we don't know who he is.
No surveillance camera in this alley.
We know that the victim
came to eat at around 13:00 p.m.
He got a call while waiting for his food.
I've never heard of a Miyuki.
A customer was listening to him talk.
A typical lovers' quarrel.
Thank you very much.
The victim paid and left the restaurant.
Focused on his phone,
he almost bumped into a witness.
The witness turned around in disgust.
The blow hit his phone and broke it.
He didn't see the guy's face.
Another witness entered
the alley after the attack.
The attacker's knee
was in a puddle of blood
while he searched the victim's pockets.
He grabbed something and ran away.
A big man wearing
a navy blazer and gray slacks.
She didn't see his face.
And his "front leg"?
-No witness.
-"Front leg"?
Where he came from.
The plate could lead us there.
Starting forensic work.
-Shima, No. 4 MIU.
-Yamaoka, forensics.
-Hello.
Did he steal his wallet?
Did he want money?
Too early to say.
See the big picture first,
then slowly zoom in.
The victim was quarreling.
He might have been
in some kind of trouble.
No, no.
It was just a lovers' spat.
It's irrelevant.
How can you be so sure?
-It is irrelevant.
-Stop right there.
The witness.
What did he hear exactly?
Um… oh.
"I love you," or "I hate you…"
That sort of thing.
Oh, lord. Show me.
Your notes.
You wrote nothing?
I remember everything.
Apparently, you can't.
Like I said, it's irrelevant.
My hunch is right.
Then I'm sure you can feel
my high blood pressure.
Are you okay?
Mr. Ibuki.
MIU's job is initial investigation.
We hand over the case
to the local police etc.
So, we need to write a report.
True.
And what will you write?
"I love you," or "I hate you…"
That sort of thing…
Is that it?
Are you stupid?
-Is that funny?
-That…
I mean, that high school girl voice…
We'll check the parking lot.
The victim carried with him
just his coin purse and key.
The waitress wouldn't know this
if he hadn't had the key in his hand.
Which implies that he lived very close…
Or would drive here.
So it was a car key?
The attacker grabbed something
from the victim's pocket.
A wallet's too big.
If he stole a car key…
he wanted to steal his car.
Or steal something inside the car.
There's only one parking lot around here.
Plus…
the attacker fled toward it.
Let's go.
Excuse me.
So, he's still got it.
Please make space.
I'll include what I learned in the report.
I have a great memory.
Don't overestimate your memory.
There's bias.
Bias?
You think the phone call has
nothing to do with the case.
When you put your memory
into words, you distort facts…
subconsciously.
So, what do I do?
What?
He said he wasn't with another girl,
and that he would come home soon.
Use this to write the report.
You secretly taped my interview?
I see that you don't trust me.
No. I don't.
I don't trust anyone including myself.
You're so complicated.
So he took the steel plate from here?
Yeah.
We're going to find the car
out of all these?
If the car itself wasn't stolen.
We don't even know what it looks like.
We'll check them one by one.
Let's check the cameras first.
Hey…
That's the tailgater's car.
The tailgater's?
It is. It's this car.
My goodness.
Same plate number.
It's open.
Come on, hey…
-What?
-Give me a glove.
I didn't bring any.
Hurry up.
Here.
Let's see…
Blood stain.
He placed his knee on the seat?
I knew it.
It's the tailgater.
He's the victim?
If that's the case,
why did the attacker come here?
It's gone.
The recorder.
Bingo, bingo…
SUMIDA POLICE DEPARTMENT
The camera of the parking lot captured
the entry of the victim's car,
and a white car that followed the victim.
The driver follows Mizushima
and goes off the screen.
He takes off this steel plate
and continues to follow Mizushima.
Welcome.
See? No, it's not Miyuki's voice.
Are you crazy?
He waited outside while Mizushima ate.
He struck Mizushima
with the plate as he came out.
He took the car key
from Mizushima's pocket.
He returned to the parking lot,
and stole the recorder.
He then drove away toward the station.
We have another video
that captured the white car.
The car behind us is tailgating us.
I'm driving this car.
This is MIU 404's driving recorder.
This red car tailgating us
is the victim's car.
See?
-Where?
-Here.
Watch carefully.
Why are we stopping them?
The old lady.
You're right.
No, no…
Actually…
what you saw
has nothing to do with this case.
Nothing… at all.
Let me rewind.
Mizushima is keeping
the car behind from passing him.
The car behind Mizushima is…
Adachi 300, HE 13-02.
It's the perpetrator's car.
Mizushima is a habitual tailgater.
He must have been tailgating
the perpetrator before tailgating us.
The perpetrator
probably attacked him as retaliation.
It's probable that he stole
the recorder to hide this fact.
We'll get his address
from the plate number and arrest him.
Right?
We'll take it from here.
Thanks for your work.
We'll get the paper work done.
Good luck to you guys.
Thanks.
Let's go get him.
That's it?
I don't understand. Why?
I just don't get it.
Sometimes they ask you
to help until the end.
Is this fulfilling for you?
It's our job. Our duty.
I need something better than that.
We put our lives on the line.
And yet, our salary is low.
First Investigation Division guys
barely go home, you know.
But why do we still do this job?
For justice.
To catch bad guys. It boils down to that.
But MIU members don't get to do that.
Why do we do it?
It's our job, period.
We do 24-hour shifts.
It's our job to raise the arrest rate.
We're a cog in the wheel.
We don't work for satisfaction.
-A cog…
-One more thing.
You're not done?
I detest those that think
they represent justice.
Old woman missing in Sumida precinct…
-Let's go back.
-Hold on.
Searching for aged
wanderers isn't MIU's job.
Gray cardigan, pink scarf,
flower-patterned cane…
That old lady is missing.
TOYSHOP CAPTAIN
They went shopping,
but she got tired walking.
So, she whined
and refused to continue walking.
I don't want to go.
You don't want to walk?
I'll go buy the toy for you.
You eat this and wait for me here.
But she never came back.
So, she went to a police box.
And her parents?
They are at a funeral of a relative.
We just got in touch with them.
They are on their way back
on a bullet train.
What if Grandma never comes home?
We'll find her, so don't worry.
Really?
Right then. Let's go.
Let's go!
RABBIT
Yes, yes.
The old lady bought this.
But she came back in the afternoon.
She said she lost the toy.
I'm sorry, Madam.
That was the last one.
Try Toyshop Captain on Fukagawa Street.
She seemed so sad…
so, I told her
Toyshop Captain might still have some.
Toyshop Captain?
Hold on.
She didn't know the shop,
so I gave her this.
-May I?
-Sure.
Let's go.
24-HOUR SECURITY CAMERA
THEFT WILL BE REPORTED TO THE POLICE.
Nobody's picking up.
We'll try tomorrow morning.
Let's check every camera
on this street to find the lady.
That's not our job.
How cold.
We'd have to check the cameras
with our eyes during work hours.
She could die while we do so.
Let the Community Safety Bureau take…
F-Fly… Fly into the sky. Change and soul.
We need to report back.
Damn it.
I don't know.
I just don't get it.
What is it?
Wasn't that our guy?
Same car, different plate number.
Our guy has an Adachi plate.
It's a hunch.
You could find
the same car all over Tokyo.
Just get in.
-The rain stopped.
-The press conference made a big buzz.
Abiko forced me into doing it.
It's to show off
his gender-neutral stance.
As a result, the MIU page's
number of accesses increased, and…
An HTTP 404 error:
Inaccessible.
-The server crashed?
-Yes.
I'll see that it gets fixed.
I've noticed another problem.
Must you say it now…
It's about a NowTube video.
Hi. I'm Rec of the Nightcrawler Channel.
Here's today's exclusive video.
A self-proclaimed cop tried
to arrest a civilian.
However…
I'm a No. 4 MIU staff.
We'll stop here.
The man claims
that he's a member of "No. 4 MIU."
But there are
only three official MIU units.
No reference mentions a fourth unit.
Yum!
It's time to "rec the check."
What is strange is this:
the MIU page has been returning
a 404 error since the incident.
This mysterious No. 4 MIU
could be a secret agency.
Something similar to security police.
That's the situation.
Can't we shut down his show?
We can't abuse police authority like that.
I'll have to watch my back…
23 people subscribe to this channel.
Real good, huh?
He's a smalltime NowTuber.
He has no power of influence.
What was that?
Thanks for the info.
I'm going home.
Will No. 4 MIU be known?
No, I mean, it's purely an assistive unit.
If MIU gets more people,
we'll close No. 4.
The name No. 4 MIU itself is temporary.
I just chose four
since we needed a call sign.
What happens to us then?
Join another MIU unit
or return to where you came from.
If I do well before that,
I might get into
the First Investigation Division.
I've still got a shot.
Anyway, don't lose the trust
of the people.
Roger.
Shima.
I'm counting on you.
Yes, ma'am.
About the incident in Sumida today.
The suspect was using a fake plate.
The plate originally belonged
to a different car type.
Nothing to do with this case.
So I talked to the traffic division.
A habitual tailgater?
He sent some files.
Open this?
There has been this many complaints
against the same car model this year.
Why isn't he arrested?
The plates are all different.
He probably has multiple number plates.
When you retaliate, this is what happens.
-Unbelievable.
-Heinous.
The guy would
follow people to their homes.
So, tailgater Mizushima
encountered a worse tailgater,
and nearly died.
What a ridiculous story.
How futile.
Why do they tailgate anyway?
Because they hate to lose.
Drivers are alone in their space.
This probably makes them uninhibited.
Driving makes them want to one-up others.
But…
doing this to each other
only creates tragedies.
Are you listening?
That car from earlier…
it had to be him.
We saw a white car
in front of the toy store.
It was a Tama license plate.
No prior report of a Tama plate.
Why do you think it's him?
-It's a hunch.
-Ugh.
Something doesn't click.
I think it was that car.
We've only seen the car on tape,
and never directly.
I don't know. It's a hunch.
I don't know. I sensed something…
Stop talking about your hunch.
OYAMA FOOD ALLEY
I feel much better.
The sound of the engine.
The car we saw at the toy shop, the Tama…
Tama 300 SHI 12-15.
All right, let's find that car!
Emergency deployment!
Stop.
Even if we did directly see the car,
the Tama plate car's engine
simply sounded similar.
Identical. Let's catch him
before he changes his plate.
And if it isn't the guy?
-I'm positive.
-Listen…
We'll all pay if we're wrong!
We must investigate carefully,
because we have enormous power.
That's why we have rules and procedures.
An amateur cop
from some regional police box…
Stop acting up with your gut instinct.
You made me react to your one-upping.
Things are getting exciting!
Right?
An emergency deployment is infeasible.
What do we do then?
At any rate…
we respect the rules.
What do we do, Leader?
All right. I'll explain to the captain.
We'll search for the car until
9 a.m. when our shift ends.
However!
If we get a request for support,
we prioritize that.
Okay.
Police.
We need your permission
to check your surveillance camera.
I'll ask the manager.
-Please.
-Thank you.
We appreciate it.
You hold it.
Good evening. Police.
We need to check your cameras.
One moment, please.
We got the last file. We're heading back.
How are we going to check all this?
We'll get help from
Spider: No. 1 Unit's analysis team.
I got a call from the captain.
The car with a fake plate?
Yes.
A white car passed by a toy shop
on Fukagawa Street at around 9 p.m.
It had a Tama plate.
We've gathered images of security cameras.
We need to know
where it came from and where it's headed.
-I'll get those facts asap.
-Thanks.
I'd also like you to find this lady.
Fumiko Nishida.
I'm positive you'll spot her.
Please.
And, hurry. Thanks!
Let's go.
Thanks again.
We've got to find the car.
I'd know right away if I hear it.
Mr. Ibuki.
If we find the car,
don't do anything brash.
Roger… Hargreaves.
So dated.
When you were at Azabu Central,
did you really beat up a perpetrator?
Yes, that did happen.
Don't do it again.
You could get Mr. Jinba,
Captain and me in trouble.
I've learned my lesson.
I wrote letters of apology,
got transferred, got scolded…
Too bad you weren't forced to retire.
That time, I even pulled out my gun.
You what?
The guy was being a jerk.
-I wanted to shoot him.
-That's crazy!
Didn't you used to watch
cool detectives on TV?
You know how they'd shoot the bad guys.
Most cops don't even pull out
their guns their entire career.
Not fire, but pull out.
That's Japanese police.
We could be more rough.
Don't be insane.
Hey, the light's green.
Go over there, will ya?
We don't even have traffic.
Nope.
Let's go.
Hey.
Got some stuff.
What would you like?
Whatever is fine.
Then green tea for you.
Thank you, sir.
Don't you get tired in that position?
No.
Did you always work in the office?
I've been on the field.
Ever confront a criminal?
There's a first time for everyone.
One hour left.
We've no luck today.
Breakfast.
Breakfast, yay.
I could spill this.
This lid.
Then drink it all at once.
Mr. Shima…
you seem somewhat relieved.
While I'm disappointed
that we didn't find the car.
-I'm not relieved.
-Liar.
-I smell relief.
-You're crazy.
Opposite lane. White car.
White car coming from behind.
It's the same model.
-Disguise?
-Let's find out.
White car, pull over.
Shinagawa 300 HE 24-01.
Pull over at a safe area.
Yes, yes…
I can't hear or see the car.
Left, left.
MIU 401 reporting.
MIU 401, copy.
Requesting registration check.
Police.
Shinagawa 300 HE 24-01.
Copy.
Requesting registration check.
Setagaya 300 SHI 10-28.
Copy.
Yes?
It's Itomaki.
The white car entered
a company named Nature-Seed.
This company is a mail-order firm,
and has the car registered
as a company car.
Company car?
So, you found out
the guy's real plate number?
He's clean.
The plate number is…
Shinagawa 300 HE 24-01.
Thanks for waiting.
Did something happen?
SHINAGAWA 300 HE 24-01
-Yes, well…
-That's it!
Shinagawa 300 HE 24-01.
Let's go!
Emergency vehicle coming through!
Suspect of yesterday's battery case
in Hikishima is at large.
Heading toward Kanehira Street.
White wagon.
The number, Shinagawa 300 HE 24-01.
Emergency vehicle passing.
You go, man!
There he is.
Gotcha.
White car, Shinagawa plate. Pull over.
Slow down.
All right!
All right! Hurry up!
What you're doing is dangerous.
Stop your vehicle now.
Is that bastard even listening?
White car. Stop the car, now.
It's red. Stop!
Stop, you…!
Hit the brakes!
Are you alive?
Are you okay?
He can run.
Take care of this car, please.
You didn't crash. You did well, boy.
Thank you, sir.
Where are you?
Ibuki.
Kameyacho 8-4.
The car's heading toward Shibaura.
-Shima.
-What?
Any short cuts?
None.
You useless piece of…
Damn it, a dead-end.
Ow.
Hey, stop.
He entered a warehouse
in front of Shibaura Bridge.
Don't do anything brash.
Damn, it hurts.
Hey.
Let's calm down.
Don't make this any worse.
Right?
Just give yourself up.
Okay?
Let's talk.
Hey.
Do you hear me?
He tailgated me first!
Calm down, man.
It's just a traffic offense.
Hey.
That could have killed me.
That's enough.
I only hit him.
You're in deep trouble.
You!
Hey, Ibuki.
Don't move.
Let me see your hands.
Very good.
You'll go without suffering.
Okay?
What took you so long, buddy?
I can shoot him, right?
Put the gun down.
He's surrendered.
He almost killed me. It's self-defense.
You can't justify shooting him.
Screw the rules.
No witnesses, no cameras.
It's just you, me, and this shit hole.
Forgive me.
People like you…
make everybody unhappy.
How could I forgive you?
Well. If you die, it's the end.
A corpse doesn't talk.
-Don't.
-Bye-bye.
Don't do it!
Fly into the sky. Change and soul.
I told you I learned my lesson.
I won't pull out my gun.
I'm a bad shooter anyway.
Running and catching the guy
is way more efficient.
Ow!
Ow. What the…?
Wow. 9 o'clock sharp.
Assaulting an officer, traffic violation,
-destruction of property, etc.
-Why?
-Understood?
-What do you mean?
Get up.
You're one lucky guy.
You got caught before you killed someone.
You…
All right. Stop it.
It's Itomaki. We've found Fumiko Nishida.
She was caught on camera.
It was fortunate there was a camera.
She ended up in a stranded house.
Grandma is here.
It's Grandma.
Grandma!
Thank you.
POLICE
The traffic laws will be amended
to include tailgating as a crime.
License will be nullified on the spot.
Imprisonment is also possible.
Until then, comply with current laws
and prioritize safety.
Yes, ma'am.
Good day.
So…
how do you total a car on the first day?
-I'm very sorry.
-But we did catch the guy.
How dare you say that now?
Please excuse him. He's incredibly stupid.
Captain. I have good news.
An extra something.
The perpetrator's company
was selling marijuana as herbs.
He might have been driving high.
Didn't we do a good job?
We're short on personnel, cars and budget.
I can't have you total a car in a day,
even if you catch criminals.
There won't be a next time.
Yes, ma'am.
Finish work and you may leave.
Ma'am.
Shima. You stay.
Yes.
Come on.
We've got a ton of papers to write.
This is more like a 30-hour shift.
What do you think of Ibuki?
He's not just stupid,
he's a stupid savage.
I guess I need to teach him the basics.
I'll cut him if he's inadequate.
The detectives found it for you.
The toy that you always wanted.
I'm sorry, Grandma.
What's wrong?
You've done nothing wrong.
Nothing at all.
MIU is cool.
We can stop someone
from getting into the worst situation.
It's a great job!
Huh?
I still… have to see…
For now.
You speak and I'll stab him.
A moving hostage situation.
The suspect of a murder case is at large.
Why is he running?
To prove his innocence, of course.
Shima killed his partner.
Why are we riding this vehicle?